README.md, before:

# DNA-C Claim Devices Mobile App

This app is used to claim Day-0 or DNA-C supported Plug-n-Play(PnP) devices and provision it. As a first step, we are listing the uncalimed devices found by PnP service.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

- MacBook
- Xcode Version 9.3.1 (9E501)


## Deployment

- Clone the repo
- Open Xcode editior and navigate to ios/claimDevices and open it
- Will load the project in Xcode
- Either select your MacBook USB connected device or select a simulator from Xcode.
- Click on Play button (>) to build and deploy the app to the selected device

## Screenshots

### Login screen

[![Login](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/login_screen.png)](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/login_screen.png)

## Built With

* react-native
* react
* redux
* react-redux
* react-native-vector-icons

## License

See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Updated with screen shots
Updated with screen shots

README.md, after:

# DNA-C Claim Devices Mobile App

This app is used to claim Day-0 or DNA-C supported Plug-n-Play(PnP) devices and provision it. As a first step, we are listing the uncalimed devices found by PnP service.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See Deployment section on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

- MacBook
- Xcode Version 9.3.1 (9E501)


## Deployment

- Clone the repo
- Open Xcode editior and navigate to ios/claimDevices and open it
- Will load the project in Xcode
- Either select your MacBook USB connected device or select a simulator from Xcode.
- Click on Play button (>) to build and deploy the app to the selected device

## Screenshots

### Login screen

[![Login](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/login_screen.png)](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/login_screen.png)

### Unclaimed devices list screen

[![Unclaimed](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/unclaimed_devices_list_screen.png)](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNAC-ClaimAP-Mobile-App/blob/master/img/unclaimed_devices_list_screen.png)

## Built With

* react-native
* react
* redux
* react-redux
* react-native-vector-icons

## License

See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
